OCPBUGS#13156: Updates to 4.11 dynamic plugin docs (#60590)
openshift/openshift-docs: web_console/dynamic-plugin/dynamic-plugins-reference.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="dynamic-plugins-reference_{context}"]
= Dynamic plugin reference
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: dynamic-plugins-reference

toc::[]

> You can add extensions that allow you to customize your plugin. Those extensions are then loaded to the console at run-time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add extensions that allow you to customize your plugin. Those extensions are then loaded to the console at runtime.
```
